Jian Dao, you're back
Zhang Wen Xu
Now you're like this
this is breaking into a private home
Jian Dao
After all, we were once married
Show some mercy
What exactly do you want?
I came here to negotiate with you
About me returning to work at Jian An Real Estate
That's a bit unrealistic
But listen to me for a moment
After all, for many years, Jian An Real Estate
has been under my care
You've stayed away from the company's affairs for years
So I was thinking
I should go back to the company
and hand over the next steps properly
So when you return, it'll be easier to manage
I'll hand over the work and leave on my own
Give myself a good ending
Besides, now you have Li Bei Qīng here
You don't have to worry about what I'll do, right?
right?
The best ending for you when leaving
is to leave my house immediately
Otherwise, I'll call security
Jian Dao, don't be so rude
Zhang Wen Xu
You don't really think that by keeping
your title as Mr. Zhang
you still have a chance to return to Jian An?
Jian Dao, you
Don't take advantage of the situation